Grids: Update byKey() Desc. & Code (#8985)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/3 Methods/byKey(key).md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Gets a data object using a specific key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets a data object with the specified key.
```
